Update limit-egress-traffic.md (#101092)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/limit-egress-traffic.md

|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|----------|
| **`security.ubuntu.com`, `azure.archive.ubuntu.com`, `changelogs.ubuntu.com`** | **`HTTP:80`** | This address lets the Linux cluster nodes download the required security patches and updates. |

> If you choose to block/not allow these FQDNs, the nodes will only receive OS updates when you do a [node image upgrade](node-image-upgrade.md) or [cluster upgrade](upgrade-cluster.md). Do note that Node Image Upgrades also come with updated packages including security fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to block/not allow these FQDNs, the nodes will only receive OS updates when you do a [node image upgrade](node-image-upgrade.md) or [cluster upgrade](upgrade-cluster.md). Keep in mind that Node Image Upgrades also come with updated packages including security fixes.
```

| **`onegetcdn.azureedge.net, go.microsoft.com`**                            | **`HTTPS:443`** | To install windows-related binaries |
| **`*.mp.microsoft.com, www.msftconnecttest.com, ctldl.windowsupdate.com`** | **`HTTP:80`**   | To install windows-related binaries |

> If you choose to block/not allow these FQDNs, the nodes will only receive OS updates when you do a [node image upgrade](node-image-upgrade.md) or [cluster upgrade](upgrade-cluster.md). Do note that Node Image Upgrades also come with updated packages including security fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to block/not allow these FQDNs, the nodes will only receive OS updates when you do a [node image upgrade](node-image-upgrade.md) or [cluster upgrade](upgrade-cluster.md). Keep in mind that Node Image Upgrades also come with updated packages including security fixes.
```
MS Style
